hey guys here are my mitsubishi
turntable yeah and running it through
pioneer vsx 305 all into this audio
letter just some cheap equalizer have
some speaker wire going on to these bose
speakers one over here and what we're
here then my main one is this karaoke
machine one which is actually
surprisingly good sounding for it so
yeah Mitsubishi one then down here i
have a mcs them need to get a needle
repaired as you can see it's like
exactly like the technics and all that
you know scratching and yeah the needles
just messed up so we're call not right
now I've explosions in the sky on here
I'll skip to the crescendo parts that
you can hear the actual quality of it
you
skipped forward along
that's an idea of what kind of sound you
get you know you know so other ones over
here
of course you can
you're the crackle on the soft parts but
it does pretty well for only paid like
twenty dollars for it but that's pretty
well for a twenty dollar turntable that
pretty much no one knows mitsubishi DP
for teak sort of a bundle thing but um
yeah that's my setup so thanks guys you